hello guys it's rich and welcome to eien
I was going to say a live commentary
this is Anna live commentary this is
going to be a commentary on the map the
studio or fine grange as many of you
guys may already know it as because it
was in black ops 1 a very very very
popular map in black ops 1 and try a cup
bra be back with a completely new skin
as you can see it's like a movie set
there's like dinosaurs there's this old
west kind of deal in the middle and
there's a shark on the left I've never
seen that before then I'll play this map
like 20 times on the weekend so anyway
if you're wondering how i have this
gameplay already and why everyone in the
lobby is called cod dlc and then a
number it's because i somehow got an
invitation from Liam who is the
community manager for the UK of
Activision and he invited me to come
down to London with a few of the
youtubers including ali-a in somnos
Benny centrum and there's a load of the
guys that I met there as well and we got
to play the new call of duty DLC a few
days early we was there on Sunday and of
course it comes out today which is a
tuesday so i went there we played it for
around eight hours i got around maybe
four to five hours of footage not
footage even of gameplay I didn't record
any personally and the only reason I'm
bringing you pls this game player early
is because of a person called Mike who
just happened to have his el gato
already set up and recording any offer
to send it over to me which is very kind
of him so thank you to Mike and that's
not fair quest by the way Mike wasn't
able to attend Mike being FearCrads this
time this is confusing accounts gonna
move on I got to talk about the DLC what
I feel to be my first impressions and
whether or not you guys should buy it so
there's four maps in the new DLC and
there's one a zombies map as well as
usual so the four maps let me try and
remember these this encore there's about
to go the studio and this magma and I'm
let me just take a moment to just praise
myself for remembering for mayor for
names of the maps because I wasn't
expecting myself to be able to but I did
play all four of them as i said i've
been playing for around four hours on
sunday and i really enjoyed the time i
spent their me Benny Joe and Ally we
always tried to be on the same team just
so he could dominate and we did that a
few times and we had like a competitive
game at the end
against Benson Liam Liam and the track
91 which we barely worn each game as
well which was pretty cool because it's
sort of like a lot of challenge and let
me just talk about the maps and tell you
what they're about encore if you've seen
the trailer you'll know all this
information by the way it's nothing new
I'm course just like a stage in the
middle and you saw like a rock concert
going on vertigo is like a helipad and
it's all high rising you could fall off
the map on every single direction it
seems studio of course he's fine grained
and a magma it's sort of like a it's
weird it's like a volcano's go gun off
already knows like a lot of some places
it's not too it's not too easy to die to
the library tonight as if it's all over
the map and you can just fall in it
although he's pretty it is there is a
lot live in the middle of the map Dean
may want to wear may want to avoid I
guess otherwise you will die so these
villas going to be over in a few seconds
I'm apologies for not getting nuclear
the reason I didn't is because I didn't
even know anyone was recording and I
wasn't really trying to go for the
nuclear I was just on a good streak I
just thought to myself if I do get this
a new clean looking is going to happen
because no one's going to ever see it
and the only reason you are is because
of Mike over at outside Xbox and that's
probably the gameplay guys I die here in
a second due to a bouncing betty being
outside the store throws my aim off
completely and I get the D so thanks
watching expecting more videos from me
today at least and I'll see you then to
talk about the maps in further detail
thanks watching guys bye